c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\PeP-UI.exe.config
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\PeP-UI.exe
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\PeP-UI.pdb
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\obj\Debug\PeP-UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\obj\Debug\PeP_UI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\obj\Debug\PeP-UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\obj\Debug\PeP-UI.exe
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\obj\Debug\PeP-UI.pdb
c:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\PeP-API.dll
c:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\PeP-API.pdb
c:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\obj\Debug\PeP_UI.frm_Korisnici.resources
c:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\obj\Debug\PeP_UI.frm_Main.resources
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\obj\Debug\PeP_UI.frm_KorisniciUredi.resources
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\obj\Debug\PeP_UI.frm_Login.resources
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PeP\PeP-UI\obj\Debug\PeP_UI.Messages.resources
